SentinelOne V2- 3.2.25 - Updating Mappers (#34619)
demisto/content: Packs/SentinelOne/ReleaseNotes/3_2_26.md

- New: **SentinelOne Classification Source**

- New: **SentinelOne GCP Account**

- New: **SentinelOne GCP Service Account**

- New: **SentinelOne Group ID**

- New: **SentinelOne Group Name**

- New: **SentinelOne Kubernetes Cluster**

- New: **SentinelOne Kubernetes Controller Kind**

- New: **SentinelOne Kubernetes Controller Labels**

- New: **SentinelOne Kubernetes Controller Name**

- New: **SentinelOne Kubernetes Namespace**

- New: **SentinelOne Kubernetes Namespace Labels**

- New: **SentinelOne Kubernetes Node**

- New: **SentinelOne Kubernetes Node Labels**

- New: **SentinelOne Kubernetes Pod**

- New: **SentinelOne Kubernetes Pod Labels**

- New: **SentinelOne Kubernetes isContainerQuarantine**

- New: **SentinelOne Network Interface Details**

- New: **SentinelOne Site ID**

- New: **SentinelOne Site Name**

- New: **SentinelOne Threat Story Line**

#### Mappers

##### SentinelOne Incoming Mapper

- Updated the mapper by properly mapping the available fields to ensure accurate data population.
- Updated the mapper by making "dontMapEventToLabels" value to False, so that unmapped fields will fall under the labels.

#### Layouts

##### SentinelOne Incident Layout

> - Updated the layout to include a grid for network interface details and some new sections for remaning details.
> - Added a new section of buttons designed to trigger commands upon execution and also added brand for the buttons.
> - Added a new tab for the threat Kubernetes details and also added display filters for the same. The tab includes sections for each detail, such as Kubernetes cluster, pod, and node details.
> - Added a new tab for the threat cloud provier details and also added display filters for the same. The tab inclues seprate sections for AWS, GCP and AZURE cloud provider details.
> - Added a new tab in the layout specifically for "Related Incidents".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the layout to include a grid for network interface details and some new sections for remaining details.
- Added a new section of buttons designed to trigger commands upon execution and also added a brand for the buttons.
- Added a new tab for the threat Kubernetes details and also added display filters for the same. The tab includes sections for each detail, such as Kubernetes cluster, pod, and node details.
- Added a new tab for the threat cloud provider details and also added display filters for the same. The tab includes separate sections for AWS, GCP, and AZURE cloud provider details.
- Added a new tab in the layout specifically for "Related Incidents".
```

#### Incident Types

> - **SentinelOne Incident** updated, now it will fetch the indicators from all data, instead of specific ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated **SentinelOne Incident**, now it will fetch the indicators from all data, instead of specific ones.
```
